.. _2015-sponsors:

Vancouver Python Day 2015 Sponsors
==================================

Vancouver Python Day could not happen without our awesome sponsors! We are
grateful for their support.

Premium Sponsors
----------------

.. image:: images/mobify.png

**Mobify** is a mobile shopping platform used by leading companies to drive
hundreds of millions of dollars in mobile revenue every year.

Established in 2007, Mobify is a global technology company, with headquarters
in Vancouver, Canada, and a network of partners in North and South Americas,
Europe, Asia and Australia.

At Mobify, we believe that great shopping experiences are the result of a
customer-centric approach paired with rigorous quality standards â€“ and the best
possible technology to power and amplify the two.

http://www.mobify.com/

.. image:: images/heroku.png

**Heroku**, a `salesforce.com <http://salesforce.com/>`_ company and industry
pioneer in platform as a service, has enabled developers to build and run more
than four million applications - all entirely in the cloud, without the need to
purchase or maintain any servers or software. With support for the most popular
languages, an enterprise-class database service, and an add-ons ecosystem
featuring over 150 cloud application services, Heroku provides companies from
startups to Fortune 500 enterprises with a faster and more effective way to
create, deploy and manage apps.

https://www.heroku.com/

.. image:: images/colony.png

**Colony Networks** produces rapidly provisioned cloud-based mobile operator
and hardware agnostic network software solutions to deliver optimized uptime,
actionable insight and powerful analytics from wifi networks and devices.

http://colonynetworks.com/

Standard Sponsors
-----------------

.. image:: images/ata.png

**A Thinking Ape** is a small yet driven team that is dedicated to building
strong mobile communities. With our collaborative approach to product design,
we ensure the best ideas get the space they need to grow. Our team seeks out
intuitive solutions to complex problems, and maintains strong ties to our
hacker culture.

http://www.athinkingape.com/
